- [Ketkee] Hi, my name is Ketkee
and I have been doing Java and Java Enterprise development
for the last 11 years, and I'm going to take you
through the JSON Binding API course.
Today, JavaScript Object Notation has become the
dominant format for data exchange,
works across all platforms, all languages.
Previously, XML was the preferred format.
But today, it is JSON all over the place.
Now when it comes to Java,
there are many third party libraries
that work very well when trying to deal with JSON,
but you would have to indicate them in your application.
But what if you get an API which comes bundled
with the Enterprise Edition platform
as a standard and offers you all the features
that the third parties do, out of the box?
Yes, that's possible, in this course we are going to talk
about why do you need JSON-B, what are the features
that it provides you, and then
how do you plug it in in your application?
We will see the default settings,
the customize settings that it provides you.
And at the end of the course, we will a small JAX-RS,
which is a RESTful service application, and understand
how JSON Binding can be used along with it.
So let's get started.